en/step_1.md, before:

## Introduction

In this project you will use BlocksCAD to design a 3D printable bug or insect using geometric shapes.

The resulting bug can be 3D printed if you have access to a 3D printer. Once your bug is printed you can add details using a permanent marker pen.

The bugs make great rewards for debugging. 

You'll also use the skills you have learned to have a go at designing your own bug, insect or other creature using geometric shapes. 

### What you will make

The finished bug looks like this:

![screenshot](images/bug-complete.png)

If you have access to a 3D printer you can print and decorate your bug.

![Complete project](images/bug-showcase.png)

Most 3D printers can only print in one colour. You can add details using a permanent marker to make your bug more interesting.

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will need
---
### Hardware

+ A 3D printer
+ Coloured permanent marker pens

### Software

+ This project can be completed in a web browser using [BlocksCAD](https://www.blockscad3d.com/){:target="_blank"}

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will learn
---

+ 3D modelling with geometric shapes (spheres)
+ Using scale to stretch geometic shapes

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: Additional information for educators
---

If you need to print this project, please use the [printer-friendly version](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/project-name/print){:target="_blank"}.

You can download the finished project at:
[http://rpf.io/p/en/blockscad-bug-get](http://rpf.io/p/en/blockscad-bug-get).

--- /collapse ---

Commit message:

Fixed link and added more detail on filament.

en/step_1.md, after:

## Introduction

In this project you will use BlocksCAD to design a 3D printable bug or insect using geometric shapes.

The resulting bug can be 3D printed if you have access to a 3D printer. Once your bug is printed you can add details using a permanent marker pen.

The bugs make great rewards for debugging. 

You'll also use the skills you have learned to have a go at designing your own bug, insect or other creature using geometric shapes. 

### What you will make

The finished bug looks like this:

![screenshot](images/bug-complete.png)

If you have access to a 3D printer you can print and decorate your bug.

![Complete project](images/bug-showcase.png)

Most 3D printers can only print in one colour. You can add details using a permanent marker to make your bug more interesting.

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will need
---
### Hardware

+ A 3D printer and filament in a colour of your choice. 
+ Coloured permanent marker pens in a choice of colours, metallic colours work well.

### Software

+ This project can be completed in a web browser using [BlocksCAD](https://www.blockscad3d.com/){:target="_blank"}

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will learn
---

+ 3D modelling with geometric shapes (spheres)
+ Using scale to stretch geometic shapes

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: Additional information for educators
---

If you need to print this project, please use the [printer-friendly version](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/blockscad-bug/print){:target="_blank"}.

You can download the finished project at:
[http://rpf.io/p/en/blockscad-bug-get](http://rpf.io/p/en/blockscad-bug-get).

--- /collapse ---
